Downloaded from
YTS.MX
Official YIFY movies site:
Inspired by the YouTube short film
"Waktu Maghrib"
"Thou shalt not release your cattle
or your children
from when the sun sets
until the early evening passes.
for evil comes out in these hours."
Sahih Imam Muslim. No. 2113
One. two. three.
Catch it.
It's too hard.
Can you do it?
-I missed.
-I only got one point.
Come on. two points. One. two. three.
Karta. Drajat. let's go home.
It's already dusk.
-Later.
-Just a couple more minutes.
What? We came out here together.
We should go home together too.
What if I get kidnapped by a ghost?
You shouldn't believe in superstitions.
-Boo!
Whatever.
Two points.
This is the second.
-Ready?
-Ready.
-Gotcha.
-Best two out of three.
Where is it?
Drajat. you hit it so far.
There it is. Found it.
Oh no. It fell.
Damn it.
Let's play!
All night long
with friends.
Let's play…
Damn.
Help!
Ouch!
Wati!
Help!
Not again.
30 Years Later
Adi! Adi!
Adi. let's go. We're late.
Okay.
Come on.
Adi. Adi. let's take a shortcut.
No. let's go down the usual route.
Stop thinking so much.
you'll get wrinkles.
-I don't want to! Saman!
-Come on. Adi!
-Saman.
-Come on.
Adi.
Please. don't hurt us.
Please. please. please.
Please.
Crazy!
JATIJAJAR 01 MIDDLE SCHOOL
-Come on!
-Let's go.
-Come on.
-Okay.
Do you know what time it is?
I've scolded you so many times.
yet you're both still late.
We're sorry.
-Saman and I were just…
-Enough!
No excuses.
Now. get in.
Later. when the others go home.
you two stay back for detention.
Understood?
Get inside.
Always late or missing class.
What do you want?
"I promise I won't be late again."
Do you want to quit school?
Do you want to be expelled?
Is that what you want?
The headmaster is about to hold
a meeting about you.
That's why you need to listen to me.
Don't just let it go in one ear
and out the other.
-Excuse me. Miss Woro.
-Yes. Ayu.
Let me check your work.
-Okay.
-Come here.
Stop messing around.
Good work.
But I can't really read your writing
towards the end.
Well…
My pen ran out of ink. miss.
-I'm sorry.
-Oh. dear.
It's all right.
This is for you.
Thank you. miss.
Study hard. sweet girl.
Keep doing the exercises. okay?
Miss. Can I borrow this book
and return it tomorrow?
Yes. of course.
-Excuse me.
-Of course.
Saman!
-What?
-My dad was looking for you this morning.
Oh no! Adi. I forgot.
Less talking. More writing.
If you don't want
to sell your honey here. just say so.
-Thank you. Mr. Marto.
-Yes. ma'am. You're welcome.
I can just tell Samiun.
So he can teach you a lesson.
Sir. please don't tell Samiun.
I do want to sell.
I just woke up late this morning.
This is your last chance.
If this happens again tomorrow.
I'm telling your brother.
You should feel sorry for him.
He's working so hard for you
and your grandmother.
Don't be lazy.
Laziness is a sin.
Understood?
-Yes.
-Ayu.
-Let's just go. Saman.
Why are you delivering the food now?
I was doing my history homework earlier.
Make sure you come home before dusk. Ayu.
-Yes. Dad.
-This is all because of that damn teacher.
I forgot to bring the honey.
You're the one who woke up late.
You're the one who played in the river.
You're the one who forgot.
How is it Miss Woro's fault?
Miss Woro means well.
She wants you both to be disciplined.
Teacher's pet.
Come and see the wayang performance.
Muncul Utomo!
Tomorrow night at Jatipeni Village.
You'll definitely be entertained.
Come and see.
We've got to see it. Adi.
I agree. I'll go ask my dad later.
What about your brother?
Don't worry.
Persuading Mas Samiun is easy.
He only looks scary.
If you beg enough. he'll soften up.
-Relax.
-You sure?
Yeah.
Look. Saman.
I don't like going through the forest
because of that rock.
They said Mr. Karta lost his finger there.
Saman.
Saman?
Saman!
Saman. this is not funny!
It's not funny.
Saman?
I'll go home without you.
Saman!
Boo!
Dang it!
Come on. don't be mad.
Ghosts don't exist.
Don't believe in superstitions.
If a ghost shows up. I will beat it up.
Adi!
Uncle?
Uncle!
-Why are you here?
-I'm just delivering food for you.
Just go home. It's almost dusk.
-Uncle.
-Go home!
Go!
God is Great!
The Prophet said that we should not
be out at the beginning of the night.
-Meaning?
-At dusk. sir.
Good.
Because at dusk.
evil comes out.
But. sir. what if we want
to pray at the mosque?
Good. That's a very good question.
Can anybody answer it?
The answer is.
come earlier to the mosque.
If you can. come before the adhan.
It'll teach you discipline too.
So. let me remind you once again.
Do not leave the house at dusk
except when you're going to…?
-The mosque.
Very good.
Granny.
You should eat. I'll help you.
But it's time for you to eat. Granny.
If you don't.
you won't get better as fast.
-Peace be upon you.
-And also upon you.
Uhm. Samiun.
-Tomorrow. I want to watch…
-Why are these bottles still here?
Did you forget again?
Oh.
I did.
Well. I was planning
to take them to Mr. Marto's shop tomorrow.
Along with yesterday's honey.
So I don't have to go twice.
Please…
You only had one job to do.
You can't even deliver honey?
Where do you think
your pocket money comes from?
From where?
-Calm down.
-How dare you?!
Enough. Granny.
This is none of your business.
You know what?
This is exactly why
I can't leave for the city. Shit.
If these bottles are still here
by the time I come back.
I really will beat you up.
Dear listeners. in 2002.
after the economic crisis…
-Morning.
-Good morning.
-Take care.
-Yes.
…along with the increase
of quality in security.
-Wait. Saman.
-What?
Why are you carrying bottles
of honey to school?
I was going to take them to Mr. Marto.
but I woke up late.
I'll just ask Miss Woro later.
-Wait.
-I'm sure she'll let me.
-Come on. we're late.
-Okay.
I said no.
Miss. please. I am begging you.
If I don't deliver the honey today.
my brother will be mad at me.
I don't care.
No matter how much I put you in detention.
you're still late.
Let your brother know
what kind of student you are.
Miss. I am begging you. Please.
I promise. once I am done.
I will go back here
to clean the restrooms.
No.
If the restrooms aren't cleaned.
neither of you is leaving. period.
Come on. miss.
We're gonna miss the wayang show. Saman.
No. Adi. We're going.
You brought clothes with you. right?
How do we get there?
It's almost dusk.
Will there be any transport to Jatipeni?
We have to go.
Otherwise. I'd get a slap
from Samiun for nothing.
Now. come on. hurry up.
Look. Saman!
Yeah.
Where are you two going this time?
Jatipeni.
I've taken your uncles. your cousins.
your brothers.
None of them even tried to pay…
-Hop in.
-Come on. Adi.
God is Great!
Adi?
-What's wrong?
-We should pray first.
Oh. please.
We'll be late. It's almost dusk.
Let's skip the prayers for once.
-We can't skip the prayers!
-Come on.
We'll pray at the Jatipeni Mosque.
-All right?
-Shall we?
Let's go.
Oh! I'm screwed!
I left the honey near the restrooms!
It's your fault. You're so careless.
Saman. in my opinion.
Miss Woro is so mean
because she is still single.
That's what happens to old virgins.
No one is taking care of them.
That's why they are always angry.
Nah. she's just a mean person.
She's mean and still unmarried.
The whole package.
Have you ever thought of this?
How free we would be without her?
We could go fishing all we wanted.
And if we were late.
nobody would yell at us. Right?
That's right.
Better yet. that damn teacher
shouldn't just leave.
She should Just die.
Watch your mouth. Saman!
What's happening?
Sir?
Oh no.
Dang it!
Just a second.
-Is it fixed?
-I guess.
Mr. Nyoto. Mr. Mantri.
-Where are you headed?
-To Jatijajar.
Miss Woro had an accident.
I'll see you later.
Adi. I think I need to turn back.
Just in case they need a car
to drive to the hospital.
Okay.
Take it easy. be careful.
-Ready? We do it together.
-Come on.
Take it easy.
Mr. Mantri. if you can help.
Be careful. Careful.
Hey. what are these kids
doing here so late?
Go home.
Go home. you shouldn't be here.
Go.
-Please help.
-Yes. sir.
Go home.
Go home. boys.
Saman.
What if Miss Woro died
because of what we said?
Nonsense.
It was just her time to go.
-Where are you going?
-Home.
We didn't get to watch the wayang show.
I'd rather sleep.
It beats watching dead people.
I seek refuge in Allah
from the outcast Shaitan.
In the name of Allah
the Most Gracious and the Most Merciful.
Ya-seen.
By the wise Qur'an.
Indeed you are from among the messengers.
On a straight path.
This is a revelation
of the Exalted in Might. the Merciful.
You may warn a people whose forefathers
were not warned. so they are unaware.
Already the word has come into effect
upon most of them. so they do not believe.
Indeed. we have put shackles
on their necks.
and they are to their chins.
so they are with heads kept aloft.
And We have put before them
a barrier and behind them a barrier…
There's a prayer service for tonight.
-Her seventh day?
-That's right.
Saman.
I haven't seen you since the gathering.
I don't feel well.
By the way.
They said that tomorrow.
Miss Woro's replacement will arrive.
I heard she's young and pretty.
Maybe you will feel better
when you see her. Saman.
We'll see.
Honestly speaking.
I still think about
what we said about Miss Woro that night.
All right then. I'm going home.
I'll leave the fish here.
Thank you. Adi.
Peace be upon you.
Granny?
Who is it. Granny?
Is it a ghost?
Ayu?
Come with me.
With the Village Chief.
To meet the new teacher.
The new teacher?
Yes. Miss Woro's replacement.
Why is she arriving so late?
I don't know.
Maybe it's the only transport
she could get.
Come on.
-Is this the last car?
-Yes. it is.
She should be here.
-Evening. sir.
-Hello.
-Is it her?
-Maybe.
I'm sorry. are you Miss Ningsih?
Yes. that's right.
Oh. thank God.
My name is Dul Rohim.
I am the head of the village
here in Jatijajar.
-I see.
-Let me introduce you.
This is my wife.
Welcome to Jatijajar. Miss Ningsih.
Thank you. ma'am.
This is our security. Amin.
Miss.
Mr. Marto.
Welcome.
We were so worried.
We've been waiting for you.
I'm sorry about that.
I got lost and ended up in another
village. but I'm here now.
-Yes.
-Very well.
And who is this?
Her name is Ayu.
I'm sorry. miss.
She is one of your students in your class.
Hello. Ayu.
You can call me Miss Ningsih.
I'll see you at school.
Miss.
I'm sorry I'm late. I was…
Good morning. You must be Adi.
Come in. We're just about to start.
Come on in.
Since this is my first day teaching.
I am not sure how far you are
with your lessons.
Miss.
We were doing the exercises
in our workbook.
All right. Then for today.
you can continue the workbook exercises.
But. miss. I've finished them all.
But your friends haven't. Ayu.
While the others do their work.
you can check again
if your answers are right.
Okay?
Good luck.
-Thanks. sir.
-Hey!
Thank you.
Sir.
-Oh. it's you.
-Yes.
-You just got home?
I'm here to pick up the money
from the honey sales.
What money?
I have not received any honey till today.
Did Saman not deliver
the bottles to you. sir?
Just go and ask your little brother
if you don't believe me.
That little shit.
All right. excuse me. sir.
Salman? Salman!
You little… Come here. you.
Come here!
What did I tell you?
We have no money. and you can't even
be bothered to deliver honey?
What do you want?
What do you want? Answer me!
I want you dead.
What did you just say?
What did you just say? Tell me.
What did you say to me?
No… No.
No. no. Please.
Please. don't!
No!
Help. please!
Help!
What are you doing. Saman?
Saman?
Saman.
What is this?
Oh God!
What is this. Saman?
Saman. where are you going? Saman!
Oh. dear God.
Honey!
Our chickens are all dead.
Somebody killed them all.
Ayu. let's go to class.
Students. you can do the exercises
in this new workbook.
Once you're done.
you can put them on my desk.
I need to go to the teacher's room.
Yes. miss.
Saman…
Saman.
It happened here. sir.
-Here?
-Right here.
And this is blood.
You can see for yourself.
I'll go first. sir.
I think he's mad at me.
But even so. this is too much.
don't you think?
-This is obvious.
-It is. sir.
My chickens are dead
and the blood is here.
You mean that Saman did this?
The proof is all here.
Shouldn't we go over to his house
to check on him?
-All right.
-Let's do it now.
-After you.
-All right.
Ayu. stay at home.
Stop. stop.
Thanks for the ride.
-Ayu. I'm here to buy fish bait.
-Adi. Adi. Adi.
Adi. come with me.
Come with me now. quick.
-What is it. Ayu?
-Come on!
Where?
Saman! Saman!
Samiun?
Saman.
-It's unlocked.
-Open it.
Samiun? Granny?
We need to lift him.
-What happened here?
-Help me lift him.
Come on.
Oh. dear.
Just ask for help.
Help! Help! Help.
-Help!
-Adi! Adi!
Sir. please come with me. quick.
-The village chief is inside. Help.
-Quickly.
Saman!
-Adi!
-What's wrong. Ayu?
Saman!
Gosh.
Look! There he is!
Saman?
It's Samiun.
Samiun is…
Saman?
Saman!
What's wrong. Saman?
Saman. are you okay?
Saman!
Do you hear him humming?
It's all right. We'll deal with it later.
How is Saman holding up. sir?
Saman hasn't said a word
since we found him. miss.
He just keeps humming.
I think his soul is vexed.
We've contacted the police.
They are on their way.
They will take him to the district.
Sir. if I may. please give me
some time to talk to Saman.
I feel like I can still make him talk.
We've tried everything.
He still wouldn't talk. miss.
But if you would like to try.
be my guest.
-Please be careful. though.
-All right. sir.
This way.
Be careful. miss.
-Amin?
-Yes. sir?
Adi. Adi.
-Careful.
-Let it go.
-Remember Samiun.
-Just a second.
How did it go?
I tried.
I tried to talk to him.
but he wouldn't answer me.
God is Great!
Leave!
-They're here. sir.
-Right.
-Thank you.
-Yes.
-Sorry for the trouble. This way.
-All right.
He's just a kid. sir.
-Just a kid.
-Over there?
Oh. God!
God forgive me.
Sir. Let's get him down.
I can only imagine
what you're going through.
My deepest condolences.
But as far as I know.
talking about what we are feeling
can help us face our sadness.
So.
if you do need a friend to talk to
about anything.
I will gladly listen.
All right. sweet boy?
Yes. miss.
One more thing.
Exams are coming up.
Your scores are still very low.
How about we start
the extra lessons today?
Or do you need more time?
It's okay. Today is fine.
You can keep the keys with you. miss.
-Yes. sir.
-I should go home.
It's almost dusk.
Don't worry. sir.
I will walk Adi back home.
He said he wants to pray here.
Oh. well then. take care.
Yes.
Please be careful on your way home. miss.
The situation hasn't been good lately.
I will.
-Excuse me.
-Thank you.
Adi. I am going to pray at home.
-What about you?
-I'll pray here. miss.
All right. I'll be right back.
Okay.
God is Great.
In the name of Allah.
the Beneficent. the Merciful.
Praise be to Allah.
the Lord of the Worlds.
The Beneficent. the Merciful.
Master of the Day of Judgment.
Thee do we serve
and Thee do we beseech for help.
Keep us on the right path.
The path of those upon whom
Thou hast bestowed favors.
Not (the path) of those upon whom
Thy wrath is brought unto.
nor of those who go astray.
Amen.
Miss?
Miss Ningsih?
Help.
Help me.
Help. Help.
Oh. Adi.
You're awake?
Adi.
Son.
What's wrong?
Adi.
Hey.
What is wrong with you?
I'm sorry. Dad.
I'm still sleepy.
All right. Wash your face
and then do your prayers. okay?
Hey. What are you doing here?
What?
Crazy.
Thank you. kids. See you tomorrow.
Thank you. sir.
Adi.
Are you okay?
Adi?
Adi? Adi!
Let's play!
Bondan?
Bondan? Bondan?
Bondan! Bondan!
Bondan!
Adi!
-Bondan!
-Adi!
Be strong. ma'am.
We'll find Bondan soon.
-We'll look for him together.
-Please. find my son.
Be strong.
-Adi?
-Bondan!
Bondan!
Before you do the exercises
in the new book.
I want to remind you.
After school. please go straight home.
Don't go anywhere else.
And once you reach home. please pray
so that Bondan and Adi will be found soon.
Understood?
Yes. miss.
All right. You can do the exercises
on pages 3 to 10.
Good afternoon. ma'am.
What's wrong. Ayu?
Did you get something yesterday?
Something?
What do you mean?
-What is that. Ayu?
-It's an amulet.
To protect you.
Protect me from what. Ayu?
From evil spirits.
The ones that hurt Saman.
Where did you get this?
You didn't have to.
But thank you. I appreciate it.
Now. go home.
Don't go wandering off.
-Ayu. where are you going?
-To go pray.
Wait a second. Things are bad. dear.
We still haven't found Bondan and Adi.
It's almost dusk.
It's okay. Dad. I want to pray so that
we can find Adi and Bondan soon.
-Peace be upon you.
-And also upon you.
Come home after you pray. okay?
Yes.
It's so quiet here.
Yes. I don't think anyone else is coming.
This is a test.
At times like this.
we should be even closer to God.
-All right. You should get ready.
-Yes.
Adi?
Oh God. Adi! What happened to you?
Sir!
Sir?
-Sir?
-What's wrong?
There's a dead body. sir!
Oh. God.
Let's help him.
Adi?
Help!
Help! Help!
Oh. God. Ayu!
-Help!
-Ayu!
Ayu! Come here!
I haven't locked the back door!
Ma'am!
Ma'am. no!
No. Adi.
Adi.
Please don't.
Hold him down.
God forgive me.
Adi.
-Adi!
-Oh God!
Remember God. son.
Remember God. Adi.
Oh God.
God forgive me.
-Remember God. son.
-God forgive us.
-Adi.
-Oh. God.
God forgive me.
Adi. Adi.
Remember God. Adi.
Oh God. Adi.
-Dad.
-Adi.
Oh. thank God.
I gave it to them.
-Yes.
-Here he is.
Mr. Kasan.
Something must have possessed Adi.
That's right.
Earlier.
when Bondan regained consciousness.
I asked him.
It turns out that Bondan
was taken to Saman's grave by Adi.
Adi dug up the grave and then
placed Saman's body at Mr. Marto's house.
Oh. God. Adi.
I don't know why.
-Amin?
-Mr. Amin?
That's why I am certain
something is violating Adi.
Something is messing with this village.
I remember.
This.
This thing.
At dawn yesterday. I caught Karta.
Right here.
I'm sure Karta placed it here.
I also saw an amulet like this
at Saman's house. sir.
When we found Samiun.
Then it's obvious. Karta did it.
Remember? Before he hung himself.
Saman seemed possessed.
-That's right.
-Wait. Please don't jump to conclusions.
We need to be careful.
We don't have solid evidence…
Mr. Amin and Mr. Marto's statements
are clear evidence.
The amulet is right here.
Now let's hurry up.
We should find Karta and make him confess.
-Let's all go there.
-Sir.
This is the work of an infidel.
-I agree.
-An infidel. I say.
Let's go to Karta's place and ask him.
-Wait!
-Let's go.
Get rid of all the diseases.
Keep the jinn and devil away.
-Karta. come out.
-Karta.
-What do you want?
-Come on!
-Hold him tight.
-Grab his hands.
Come on.
-What did I do wrong?
-What?
What did you do wrong?!
Here. What is this?
You placed this. didn't you?
My child is possessed because of you.
You're all under a spell. idiots!
-Idiots.
-You infidel!
-Calm down. Mr. Kasan! Calm down!
-Just kill him!
-Kill him!
-No. please don't!
Please don't!
That is enough!
This village already has enough problems.
Let's not add more to it.
Let's just take him to my place.
Let's go.
Your fever's going down. dear.
You'll go back to school tomorrow. okay?
Dad.
I'm sure that Uncle Karta didn't do it.
He would never do it.
Let's just leave it to the village chief
and the authorities.
I've made peace with it…
if Karta did do it.
Ayu.
Oh. a guest for Ayu.
Do come in. This way. miss.
Ayu. you have a visitor.
Hello. Ayu.
I'm sorry. I need to sort out my shop.
-It's okay.
-Make yourself at home.
-Thank you.
-You're welcome.
I heard what happened to you
last night. Ayu.
Are you all right?
I just have a bit of a headache now. miss.
But thank God I'm better.
Good.
I'm glad to hear it.
Last night. I paid a visit
to Karta's place.
You visit him often. don't you?
Animals come. animals die.
People come. people die.
Devils come. devils die.
Giants come. giants die.
Loyalty to the death.
As is God's will.
Ayu.
Give this amulet to your new teacher.
She's…
Like…
-She's like what?
-She seems…
-Uncle? Uncle?
-The sky…
The red sky is a sign.
-Uncle.
-The air.
It feels exactly the same
as what I felt thirty years ago.
And if my guess is correct.
she is a jinn.
The Black Mother.
It's inside her.
She is a jinn
who feasts on children.
Give it. Give it.
Give this amulet to your new teacher.
If she reacts.
be careful.
I will try to find a way
to make her leave this village.
She must have a reason to come back.
What did your uncle say about me?
Did he tell you a lot?
Do you want to know something. Ayu?
I remember Karta.
I remember him well.
His face as a boy.
He looked like you. Ayu.
Don't believe in superstitions.
You will end up in harm's way.
So. you were her favorite student.
were you?
You're lucky.
But…
if I may remind you.
stay out of this.
You'll get your turn. Ayu.
Just like your friends.
You're better off dead.
Seek forgiveness in God. son.
Son!
Have patience.
Karta!
-Wati!
-Drajat?
-Karta!
-Drajat!
Wati!
Drajat!
Karta!
-Wati!
-Karta!
-Drajat!
-Wati!
-Karta!
-Drajat!
-Oh. God. what happened to your hand?
-What happened?
What happened?
-Karta!
-Karta! Oh. dear.
So last night…
Weak knees.
Nature calls.
Uncle.
Uncle. Adi is in danger.
We need to save Adi now. Uncle.
Adi.
Let's go pray.
You…
How do you know?
That Adi is in danger?
I got a message from Miss Woro.
All right. I'll be waiting.
God is Great!
Not again… not again… not again…
Uncle.
-Uncle. fight it. You must fight it!
-No! No. no!
Take it.
-You have to fight it.
-Take all of it.
Uncle.
The adhan is not your enemy. Uncle.
God isn't either.
You have to fight it.
Calm down.
Let's go.
What a relief.
Time for coffee.
Ayu.
Go save Adi.
-I'll take care of your teacher.
-Yes. Uncle.
Hello?
-Yes.
-Sir?
-Ayu?
-Where is Adi?
-He is inside.
-Sir. Adi is in danger. sir.
What do you mean?
Calm down.
Adi?
Where did he go? Adi?
Karta.
The boy that I let live.
I…
still remember…
how sweet your finger tasted.
Karta?
Don't you remember me?
Don't you miss Drajat?
Have you forgotten about me?
Wati?
Let's play!
All night long with friends.
All night long
with friends.
What can you do. naughty boy?
You want to fight me
with a missing finger?
No.
Your friend is getting old.
It's time for me to get new clothes.
Go away. Go away!
Curse you!
Go away! Leave us alone!
The lair.
I have to destroy the lair.
Let's play!
All night long…
Destroy the lair.
Let's play!
Let's play all night…
Adi? Adi!
The lair…
Go home!
Wati is dead. Wati is dead.
Wati is dead.
Let's play!
Wati is dead. Wati is dead. Wati is dead.
Karta.
All night long…
Adi. no! Adi!
Adi!
-Drajat?
-Don't you want to play with me again?
Let's play. Karta.
Drajat…
Come back.
I am so sorry.
-Adi! Adi!-Let's play!
Let's play!
God is Great.
-I bear witness that…
-Adi!
-…there is no god but Allah.
Adi! Adi! Adi!
I bear witness that there is no god
except the One God.
-Adi? Son?
-Adi!
-Son!
-Sir!
-What happened to you. son?
-Son. what happened?
-Adi. sir.
-Sir. it's Adi.
-Adi!
Adi!
Ask for forgiveness. son.
God forgive me. Adi!
-Adi.
-I bear witness that Muhammad is…
-Adi!
…the messenger of God.
Son. don't go too far when you play.
-Okay.
-And don't go into the forest.
-It's already dusk.
Let's play!
All night long
with friends.
Let's play!
All night long
with friends.